{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1031{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f16\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f17\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f19\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f20\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f21\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f22\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f23\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f25\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}
{\f26\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f27\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid-1\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace0\levelindent0
{\leveltext\'01*;}{\levelnumbers;}}{\listname ;}\listid-2}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid-2\listoverridecount1{\lfolevel\listoverrideformat{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelold\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext
\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fbias0 }}\ls1}}{\info{\author ingo}{\operator ingo}{\creatim\yr2001\mo9\dy26\hr18\min50}{\revtim\yr2001\mo9\dy26\hr18\min50}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords679}{\nofchars3873}{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws4756}
{\vern73}}\margl1417\margr1417\margt1417\margb1134 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\hyphcaps0\viewkind4\viewscale100 \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\b\f1\ul\cgrid0 Need / Objective of Function / USP:}{\f1\cgrid0 
\par 
\par The user is located in an unfamiliar environment. The need for a particular activity arises, e.g. "watching a movie in a cinema nearby" He/she faces four challenges:
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 A}{\f1\cgrid0 : Where exactly am I?
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 B}{\f1\cgrid0 : Where are nearby theaters?
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 C}{\f1\cgrid0 : Which movies are running when?
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 D}{\f1\cgrid0 : Reserve tickets 
\par 
\par The function provides simple and fast answers to the owner of a PDA equipped with the gate5 software, in a manner superior to traditional channels. 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 A }{\f1\cgrid0 is answered by visually placing the user in a sp
ecifically rendered map of his/her environment, shown on the PDA. This is superior to traditional maps, where the user must match a street name visually identified in the near environment with coordinates retrieved from a street name register, then use th
ese coordinates to identify his/her position on the map. This requires significant time and effort.
\par If the PDA user uses a wireless internet connection and LBS data are avilable, the maximum use is achieved. The system can present the location immediately, 
without manual entry of any data by the user. Without the wireless connection, the user must, as with a traditional map, still identify a street name in the near environment and enter it; however the further matching and map rendering is provided, saving 
time vs. the traditional map approach.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 B }{\f1\cgrid0 is answered by automatically matching the previously identified user coordinates to geocoded information on cinemas, possibly extended by extra attribute queries. This is superior to traditional approaches such as u
sing a movie guide, since for each cinema listed in such a guide a manual match must be performed as to whether the street address of that cinema is in the vincinity of the user, and whether it matches.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 C }{\f1\cgrid0 is provided by the cinemas' microsites, which prov
ide the most up-to-date information on currently running movies. Extra use can be provided through short-term promotions, infos on schedule changes or other information not available to print media with longer publishing cycles. The most use is achieved u
sing a live wireless internet connection, however, a desktop data (hot)sync performed on the same day can provide very recent data, too, without the need for a live connection.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 D }{\f1\cgrid0 is also provided through the microsites, which allow through-connection to ou
tside IT systems, such as theater online reservation systems. If a live wireless connection is available, the reservation can be completed online with participating cinemas right away during the PDA operation, or through a voicecall triggered directly fro
m the system through the PDA's voice API. Without a live connection, this extra benefit evaporates, however, and the system is not superior to the traditional channel.
\par 
\par 
\par In general, the USP lies in time and effort saved, combined with the need to carry only
 one device for the complete operation, as opposed to a map, a movie guide, and a telephone. Externality-effect benefits may be achieved through synergies with other gate5 functionalities, such as instant messaging / chat (e.g. for setting up meetings wit
h friends at that very cinema) and rating functions (e.g. did any of my friends, or other users, see this movie? How did they rate it?).
\par 
\par Benefits to providers of microsites (such as Movie Magic Prenz'lberg in the graphical example) consist of increased visibility and traffic, and eventually increased ticket sales.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\ul\cgrid0 \page General functionality / Features}{\f1\cgrid0 : (see also graphical functional flow diagrams)}{\b\f1\cgrid0 
\par }{\b\f1\ul\cgrid0 
\par }{\b\i\f1\cgrid0 Locate}{\f1\cgrid0 :
\par }{\b\f1\ul\cgrid0 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3 {\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls1\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 
communicate with Telco LBS interface, relay user identity, request user's location information (coordinates, cell-id, ...)
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}translate information acquired into the format used in the gate5 geocoding system, as to allow matching
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}translate streetname / number information into the format used in the gate5 geocoding system, as to allow matching (for manual locate)
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}...
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 
\par }{\b\i\f1\cgrid0 Match:
\par 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3 {\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls1\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 match aquired geo-coordinates with geo-location of objects in database}{
\b\i\f1\cgrid0 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}{\f1\cgrid0 match extra attributes required with attributes of objects in database}{\b\i\f1\cgrid0 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}{\f1\cgrid0 ...}{\b\i\f1\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\i\f1\cgrid0 
\par Display:}{\f1\cgrid0 
\par 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3 {\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls1\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 
render map, with zoom functionality, of area matching the acquired user coordinates
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}highlight user position in that map, as well as highlight relevant geo-objects derived from matching
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}display microsites attached to geo-objects
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}...
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f1\cgrid0 Communicate}{\b\f1\cgrid0 :}{\f1\cgrid0 
\par 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3 {\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls1\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 Telco LBS
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}Reservation systems
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}external general webservers
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\ul\cgrid0 Performance/ Scaleability requirements:
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 
\par e.g. required number of possible concurrent users for critical operations, such as:
\par 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3 {\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls1\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 queries to database with geocoded information
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}queries to Telco LBS server
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}queries to Cinema reservation system
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 
\par ...
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\ul\cgrid0 System requirements:
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 
\par PDA running WindowsCE 3.0 or better 
\par high-resulution screen
\par ...memory, etc
\par 
\par ...
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\ul\cgrid0 Test plan / use cases:
\par 
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 ....}{\b\f1\ul\cgrid0 
\par }}